Project:  CS22100 Group Project (Group 17) 
Date:  Thursday 15th October 2015, 11:10 AM
Meeting:  Weekly Project Meeting - Room C55
Present:  Laurence Tyler, Peter George, Frederik Kranich, Jack Thomson, George Vinters, Jose Vives Iznardo, Alexander Webb
Apologies:  Stuart Tee, Grigor Mironov
Circulation List:  All project members including the project manager
Author:  George Vinters		
Produced: Thursday 15th October
Version:  1.1
 
Matters arising
1. The managerial roles for the project were decided as follows:  Project Leader - Alex, Project Leader Deputy - Frederik, Quality Assurance Leader - George (Temporary).  The quality assurance leader and deputy were not finalised as not all group members were present.  The roles will need to be decided before next week's scheduled meeting (22nd October).
ACTION: All members

2. It was agreed that the required documents had been read by each team member with each document being discussed at the start of the meeting. 


New Business
3. Not all blog posts for the previous week have been created.  Blog posts will need to be created weekly.  The location of each person's blog will need to be emailed to Laurence Tyler at: lgt@aber.ac.uk .
ACTION:  All members

4. A new document has been published for all members to look through.  This must be read before next week's meeting (22nd October).  The document is titled: Design Specification Standards.
ACTION:  All members
 
5. It was agreed that the project plan would be looked into and a draft version created before next week's meeting (22nd October), showing the initial design of the project.
ACTION:  All members

6. A GitHub repository will need to be created by a group member.  All other group members will need to be added.
ACTION:  Jose
 
 
AOB
7.	Date, Time and Venue for next meeting
Monday 19th October - Geography Building at 3 PM (Think Tank)
Thursday 22nd October - CS221 Tutorial at 11:10 AM (Room C55)


George Vinters - ghv@aber.ac.uk
Minutes produced:  Thursday 15th October
Please email me if you believe there are any errors within the minutes.
